Great!
Let's look at each of the
possible answers from the quiz.
On a slick wet road,
wheel encoder odometry
will incur large errors
because the wheels
will slip, causing
them to travel
less distance than expected.
In addition, the
wheels will also
slide while braking, further
contributing to sensor errors.
On dry paved roads,
however, the wheels
will travel a distance
very close to the expected
circumference of the wheel.
Roads with lots of bumps also
create problems for odometry
because we are assuming
the car travels
a straight distance in the
direction of its heading.
In reality, with a
bumpy road, the car
is traveling much
of this distance
not in a straight
line, but up and down.
On a road with lots of
turns, wheel odometry
works well because even
though the heading of the car
is changing, it's still
moving the expected distance
in the direction of its yaw.
Notice that despite the fact
that the distance vectors
for this car are at
different yaw angles,
the sum of the absolute
magnitude of all the vectors
is the same as the
expected distance traveled.
Now that you know how to
predict the car's motion
at the next time
step, next you'll
learn about an algorithm
for localization
called the particle filter.